How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It narrowed down the lines in which there could be errors. It minimized the amount of
    searching I had to do.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

Having easy access would allow you to go back into different programs you have
made and use the code from there instead of typing it all out again. it would also
allow a programmer to fix major mistakes by starting over to the un-altered code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

  In Git if you forget to save you can run into some issues, but your history of commits
  will be a lot more organized and manageable. On Google Docs, your document will autosave
  extremely frequently so the history of changes will be a lot harder to navigate, but
  you have the bonus of not losing your work if you forget to commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

  Google Docs is mostly based on every document being independent from the next,
  but Git most likely understands different files could be related to the same
  project and a change to one could be a change to all that need to be saved.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

  It allows the programmer to go back and find what changes were made from one commit
  to the next.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

  Version control will allow you to have files of past versions of your program
  without those major errors. It will be able to revert back to the original format
  without mistakes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

  I want to use git to effectively modify any code i write. Git will allow me
  to try making my code as brilliant as possible even if I make huge mistakes
  along the way.
